Modify rule S110: LaYC format (#2146)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S110/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Inheritance is one of the most valuable concepts in object-oriented programming. It's a way to categorize and reuse code by creating collections of attributes and behaviors called classes, which can be based on previously created classes.

> But abusing this concept by creating a deep inheritance tree can lead to very complex and unmaintainable source code. Most of the time, too deep of an inheritance tree is due to lousy object-oriented design, which leads to systematic use of "inheritance" when "composition" would be better suited.

Reviewer: For me, "lousy" is a very badly connoted word.
```suggestion
But abusing this concept by creating a deep inheritance tree can lead to complex and unmaintainable source code. Most of the time, an inheritance tree becoming too deep is the symptom of systematic use of "inheritance" when other approaches like "composition" would be better suited.
```

Author: Better, thanks!
